What should I do?
Who should I look to?
This could just be harmless,
could be respectable.
There may be no need
for me to reject it all.
Oh, what is the right course for me?
Which path will it be?
What should I do?
Take which point of view?
It could be excessive,
with many dangers there—
All the kinds of things
that could prove to be a snare.
Oh, what is the right course for me?
Jehovah, give ear to my plea.
I keep your reminders,
and I love them dearly.
I’ll treasure them every day,
monthly, yearly.
All the things I have heard in accord
with your Word, help me understand.
I know what’s required.
I’d better inquire.
I don’t want to act
in a way to cause offense,
But it sounds like
there likely would be consequence.
It’s clear what’s the right course for me
—the key, the guarantee.
I keep your reminders,
and I love them dearly.
They strengthen my heart
and help me to see clearly.
All the things I have heard in accord
with your Word, help me understand.
I keep your reminders,
and I love them dearly.
They strengthen my heart
and help me to see clearly.
As I read day and night,
my life fills up with light.
I’ve got you by my side
as I think of your might.
All the things I have heard in accord
with your Word, help me understand.